add support file Xcode input file lists (#5790)
realm/SwiftLint: README.md

can do so by passing the option `--use-script-input-files` and setting the
following instance variables: `SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_COUNT`
and `SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_0`, `SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_1`, ...,

> `SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_{SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_COUNT - 1}` or by passing the
> option `--use-script-input-file-lists` and setting the
> following instance variables: `SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_LIST_COUNT`
> and `SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_LIST_0`, `SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_LIST_1`, ...,
> `SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_LIST_{SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_LIST_COUNT - 1}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_{SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_COUNT - 1}`.
Similarly, files can be read from file lists by passing
the option `--use-script-input-file-lists` and setting the
following instance variables: `SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_LIST_COUNT`
and `SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_LIST_0`, `SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_LIST_1`, ...,
`SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_LIST_{SCRIPT_INPUT_FILE_LIST_COUNT - 1}`.
```
